=== FILE 0 ===
A uniform 50 percent increase in seats for all states would punish the South for doing better on population control as more populous northern states could gain more Lok Sabha seats. The Centre has now proposed going by Census 2011 and, if implemented, it could guarantee increases in seats for southern states that would be more than they could have hoped for if the latest population figures were used. Reddy is trying to argue it both ways—stoking fears over a delimitation based on the results of the census, giving BJP a solid talking point for the 2029 Lok Sabha elections. But the pressure of public opinion, particularly women voters, is such that voting against the proposed legislation when it is placed before Parliament could be difficult.

President's Protocol: BJP MP from Cuttack Bhartruhari Mahtab measures his words carefully and it is not usual for him to raise local constituency issues in Lok Sabha. He immediately attracted attention when he stood up during Zero Hour, but his subject made it clear that his intervention was not commonplace. He protested breaches.

Camel Trail: Criminals have become more and more inventive, with the digital age offering novel ways to scam the unsuspecting. But one Vinod was recently held by Delhi Police using an old-world mode of smuggling liquor—camels.

Third Apocalypse: At Stadion Bilino Polje, Italy failed to qualify for its third consecutive World Cup. That Italy had dragged matters so far was premonition enough. Unlike the other European powerhouses—Spain, France, England, Germany, and the Netherlands—all of whom topped their respective UEFA qualifying groups. Italy had finished behind Norway and had to face Bosnia and Herzegovina in a playoff. Having scored early, the mostly young Italian side showed its lack of experience when Alessandro Bastoni got a red card for a clumsy tackle. The Bosnians showed character and professionalism in the penalty shootout while the Italians were all nerves. Newspapers back home asked for a complete clean-up of the national football federation, choosing rightly not to blame coach Gennaro Gattuso alone. Because, as Roberto Baggio had hinted in 2013, Italian football is plagued by structural flaws that must be addressed if the Azzurri are to regain the glory befitting four-time World Champions. There are many reasons why the Serie A, for instance, has long ceased to be the topmost football league. But for now, as the Gazzetta dello Sport said, it is the 'third apocalypse'.

Debt Debunker: It is one thing to raise concerns about a government's profligacy and rising state debt. But Naam Tamilar Katchi (NTK) leader Seeman raised concerns including the current DMK regime, saying that under the state government, Tamil Nadu's debt has grown.
=====================

=== FILE 1 ===
Jung H. Pak is a Distinguished Associate Fellow at the Center for Security, Diplomacy and Strategy at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. She served as U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and the Pacific from 2021 to 2024 and is the author of Becoming Kim Jong Un: A Former CIA Officer's Insights Into North Korea's Enigmatic Young Dictator.

How North Korea Won
There was a corresponding surge in online scams, frauds, and security breaches—many of them by North Korean cybercriminals. North Koreans even obtained jobs with legitimate companies in the United States, posing as remote information technology workers and earning as much as $300,000 per year. Kim ensured that this money was put to good use. Despite the public health crisis, he did not waver from prioritizing the nuclear weapons program, and in January 2021, he unveiled an ambitious five-year defense plan to develop tactical nuclear weapons, "supersized nuclear warheads," hypersonic glide vehicles, nuclear-powered submarines, and uncrewed underwater vehicles and reconnaissance drones. The effort paid off. In April 2025, the air force general who heads the U.S. Northern Command testified before Congress that North Korea had tested a new solid-fueled intercontinental ballistic missile that could probably "deliver a nuclear payload to targets throughout North America."

Beijing's Bully Pulpit
With his regime at the height of its power at home, Kim also saw opportunities abroad. Strategic competition between the United States and China was picking up, and Pyongyang was certainly aware of Beijing's unease as the Biden administration worked to strengthen ties with allies in the Indo-Pacific after taking over in early 2021. Although it is not surprising that Pyongyang would hew more closely to Beijing than Washington, it was a noteworthy break from tradition when Kim began voicing more enthusiastic support for China and responding to steps taken by the United States that had little to do with North Korea. As early as March 2021, for instance, in a letter to Xi, Kim expressed their shared need "to cope with the hostile forces' all-round challenges and obstructive moves," a reference to the new Biden administration's policy of stepping up cooperation with allies and partners to counter Beijing's coercive actions in Asia and beyond. Then, in October 2021, the regime slammed the United States for inflaming military tensions in the Taiwan Strait by conducting so-called freedom-of-navigation operations and providing Taiwan with weapons. For the first time in decades, Pyongyang was issuing statements supporting Beijing's positions on Taiwan. In August 2022, a spokesperson for North Korea's foreign ministry denounced a visit to Taiwan by then U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, saying that Taiwan was an "inseparable part of China" and that the United States was the "root cause of harassed peace and security in the region." Pyongyang had also condemned the advent of AUKUS, an agreement among Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States under which the United States provides nuclear-powered submarines to Australia, as "an extremely dangerous act." It went on to criticize Washington's trilateral summit in 2022 with Japan and South Korea, the first in five years, as a "dangerous prelude to the establishment of an Asian version of NATO."
=====================

=== FILE 2 ===
A year ago, when Senator Bill Cassidy, the Republican chairman of the committee overseeing the Department of Health and Human Services, cast a decisive vote to support Robert F. Kennedy junior as its secretary, he said Mr Kennedy had promised not to delete from a federal website a statement that vaccines do not cause autism. Mr Kennedy has kept the letter of his promise. But in November he appended an asterisk, noting the statement "has not been removed due to" the agreement with Mr Cassidy. On a less passive-aggressive, more forthrightly damaging note, the site now adds that "the statement 'Vaccines do not cause autism' is not an evidence-based claim" because "studies have not ruled out" the possibility. Thus, by insisting the negative has not been proved—albeit without providing evidence for his pet theory of the menace of life-saving vaccines—does Mr Kennedy play his role as Donald Trump's secretary of doubt in established science and credentialled experts, of doubt in anything but the wisdom of Mr Kennedy's own corrosive doubt.

The story of immigration and Mr Trump's return to the White House is straightforward: President Joe Biden ignored chaos at the southern border for two years, refuelling Mr Trump's favourite political vehicle for him. The story of immunisation and Mr Trump's re-election is more complex, and its consequences, though not yet as clear, may well prove even more dire. Unlike Kristi Noem, who as secretary of homeland security is delivering the mass deportation Mr Trump promised, Mr Kennedy is taking the MAGA movement and domestic policy into uncharted, and rather weird, territory. The covid-19 pandemic helped doom Mr Trump's first term. Yet it yielded his greatest achievement, the whirlwind development of vaccines that saved countless lives. As a result, the episode also went on to supply the most revealing index of Mr Trump's hunger to win. For a man given to hyperbolising if not inventing achievements, it must be agony to distance himself, as he has, from a true historic accomplishment. But it was Mr Biden who went on to vaccinate people by the tens and then hundreds of millions. And it was under Mr Biden that resistance to mandatory vaccines, and to other pandemic-era measures such as masking and lockdowns, began to grow. Mr Trump spotted the political opening as the Biden administration overreached in defending Americans against covid. Schools stayed closed for too long, businesses suffered, public debt surged and inflation began to find its grip. Social-media platforms banned posts deemed heretical by the administration, such as that the virus might have originated in a Chinese lab. The legacy media, out of credulousness or partisanship, largely failed to question draconian public-health measures. More than a thousand medical experts signed a letter condemning protests against lockdowns in part as "rooted in white nationalism". As such experts struggled with an uncertain global threat, they could sound more than a little condescending. "What you're seeing as attacks on me, quite frankly, are attacks on science," Dr Anthony Fauci, Mr Biden's chief medical adviser, said in 2021. (Democrats justly mock Mr Trump for his hubris, but they have yet to reckon with their own failures of humility, empathy and curiosity.)

It was in this context that Mr Kennedy decided to run for president. His name and his background as a crusading environmentalist gave him some appeal on the left, but his disdain for established science—the covid vaccine was "the deadliest vaccine ever made", he said—helped endear him to Mr Trump's populist base. Mr Trump attacked him as "a Radical Left Liberal" and "Open-Border Advocate". Mr Kennedy called Mr Trump "a terrible president" who "didn't stand up for the Constitution". Then Mr Kennedy dropped out and endorsed Mr Trump. Mr Kennedy later said he was promised control of the health agencies. In deference to Mr Trump's conflicting priorities Mr Kennedy has backed off from some of his regulatory passions, such as banning certain pesticides or combating climate change. But having said he would let Mr Kennedy "go wild on health", Mr Trump has kept his word.

The result has been the Make America Healthy Again movement: rightist populism and leftist whole-Earthism have found common ground in healthy eating, exercise, the benefits of psychedelics, and good old-fashioned American paranoia about such shadowy government undertakings as putting fluoride in drinking water and vaccines in children.

MAHA gets the last laugh. Upon the vast, intricate, profitmaking medical establishment, Mr Kennedy is now focusing suspicions of bad faith honed by a lifetime's training in detecting conspiracies, from a childhood blighted by assassinations to a career as a trial lawyer battling toxins spread by oil and coal companies. He has made a punchbag of the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, calling it the "most corrupt" government agency. He has replaced the 17 members of its committee responsible for setting vaccination schedules and reconstituted it with vaccine sceptics. He has eliminated $1.2bn in federal grants to develop mRNA vaccines (a technology that proved wonderfully effective against covid). Mr Kennedy likes to say people should do their own research, because trusting experts is the stuff not of science but of totalitarianism and religion. You can sense the political appeal, the superficial compliment to Americans' intelligence. "I don't tell people to trust me," he told the Atlantic last autumn. "I tell people, 'Don't trust me.'" If only he had told Senator Cassidy that. Now it is too late. He is in charge, and even those Americans who reject his cynicism will live in a country with fewer vaccine breakthroughs than it might have had, and more unvaccinated people.
=====================

=== FILE 3 ===
Review of Reviews: Art & Music

Exhibit of the week
William Eggleston: The Last Dyes
David Zwirner, New York City, through March 7

Before William Eggleston came along, and even after he did, serious art photographers worked only in black and white. In every image, the intensity of the colors doesn't just turn up the temperature of the image, it emits an emotional power that feels "close to music." And even when Eggleston aimed his camera at the inside of a kitchen freezer, he turned it into "an almost mystic portal" in which a haphazard array of ice trays, the ground to make a tricycle appear monumental or including a revolver in a bedroom portrait.

Review of Reviews: Film & Stage
"Pixar returns to vintage form up against Jon Hamm's Mayor"

Food & Drink
Meen moilee: A gentle fish stew from coastal India
In coastal Kerala, India, "every Syrian Christian home has a meen moilee recipe," said Sana Javeri Kadri in The Diaspora Spice Co. Cookbook: Seasonal Home Cooking From South Asia's Best Spice Farms. This one comes from the home of Chachu Lukose and Abraham Chacko, the couple who grow the "wildly aromatic" green cardamom pods that my California-based spice import company sells. Those cardamom pods are "the hero spice" in the gentle curry, and the dish itself comes together so quickly that "it's my go-to recipe for when I'm cooking to impress but short on time." To complement the light, aromatic flavors of the gravy, choose a soft, flaky fish such as halibut, cod, or rockfish.

Recipes of the week
Meen moilee (Kerala-style Quick to the table and always satisfying coconut turmeric fish curry)
1.5 lb skinless firm, flaky white fish fillets
1 tbsp fresh lemon juice
1.75 tsp fine sea salt, plus more if needed
0.5 tsp freshly ground white pepper
4 garlic cloves, finely chopped
1-inch piece ginger, julienned
1 to 2 serrano peppers, quartered lengthwise

Heat coconut oil in a Dutch oven or other large, heavy-bottomed pot over medium heat. When oil is shimmering, add cardamom, cloves, mustard seeds, and 12 curry leaves. Cook, stirring occasionally, until spices smell fragrant and curry leaves turn bright green and translucent, 1 to 3 minutes. Add shallots, garlic, ginger, and serrano peppers and cook, stirring occasionally, until shallots are soft and start to turn translucent but don't take on any color, 4 to 7 minutes. Add cherry tomatoes, remaining 0.75 tsp salt, and 0.25 cup water. Stir, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes just start to burst, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in coconut milk, bring to a simmer, cover, and continue to cook until tomatoes are easily crushed with the back of a spoon. Crush half the tomatoes, then nestle fish into sauce, spooning some of the sauce over each piece. Reduce heat to medium low, cover, and cook until fish is cooked through and easily flakes with a fork.
=====================

=== FILE 4 ===
We'll have a workforce that is human and agentic, and we're going to have to navigate that. In the world with the half-life of skills getting shorter, we have to ask if McKinsey associates will need in order to succeed? "We don't just hand people a PowerPoint; we sign up to achieve an outcome together."

Change Management
Many companies fall into a cycle of chronic transformations: restructurings that promise revitalization but often unsettle stakeholders and leave organizations weaker. Leaders can escape this trap by continuously strengthening the strategic fit among seven key elements of their business system, detecting emerging signals before crises erupt, fostering agility to keep problems small, and ensuring that value for all stakeholders grows.

Problems multiply and plunge the organization into a cycle of chronic transformations. The recent history of Boston Scientific, a medical technology company, clearly illustrates the power of systems that throw the system further out of alignment, per year to growing 2% per year over the next three years. The plan's realism rekindled the organization's belief that progress was achievable and within their control, while laying the foundation for bolder ambitions as confidence and capabilities grew.

A satirical article in the Onion titled "CEO Unveils Bold New Plan To Match Your AI Strategy To Your Organization's Reality" highlights the absurdity of poorly planned change.

Global Advanced Finance Certificate
We challenge you to challenge yourself at the academic home of 10 Nobel laureates who helped shape the modern financial landscape. Earn your certificate through a customizable curriculum of six electives taught by Booth's world-class faculty and industry experts, with the flexibility to learn in Chicago, London, Hong Kong, or online. Wherever you choose to learn, your destination is excellence. Applications are accepted anytime.
=====================

=== FILE 5 ===
Technology & Analytics
This approach treats generative AI as a way not to replace workers but instead to help them do their jobs better. A learning mindset. Traditional product development, which often moves slowly and has an inward focus, isn't well-suited for experimenting with generative AI. To drive innovation, companies need to embrace an experimental approach that brings customers into the process from the start, and in which cross-functional teams work in short sprints to test ideas and gather feedback quickly. While experimenting with its generative AI tool, Siemens relied on a preexisting tool called the Innovation Validation Engine, which ensures that everything the company does is focused on solving real customer problems early and quickly. This approach hands more control to end users and makes product teams directly responsible for delivering value. It was exactly what Siemens needed to identify, validate, and develop generative AI applications in industrial settings with speed, precision, and market alignment.

Experimental expertise. Applying the scientific method inside companies requires a mix of skills. Teams need to know how to design and conduct good experiments (setting out clear and testable hypotheses, determining appropriate sample sizes) and how to run them well and keep them on track. Teams also need to be able to analyze results, explain what they mean, and use findings to make decisions. Because these skills are found in academia, some companies have turned to academic experts for help. In 2020, for example, Amazon hired Justine Hastings, a leading labor economist, to operationalize large-scale, people-focused experimentation. In 2022 Walmart brought on John A. List to help test and scale up myriad experiments, involving everything from generative AI merchandising tools to HR practices. Other companies are forging relationships with academic researchers that allow them to borrow experimental capabilities rather than bring them in-house. That's what Google, GitHub, and Procter & Gamble did to carry out the experiments described in this article.

Becoming an Organizational Experimenter
We've outlined the many benefits of organizational experiments, but we're not claiming that they're easy to pull off. To implement them successfully, you'll need to focus on several critical areas. Customer needs. At the heart of any successful generative AI experiment lies a deep understanding of customer needs. Organizations must focus on solving specific, high-impact problems. The experimental solutions must offer a clear potential return on investment—and a clearly articulated and testable potential impact. This requires conducting extensive customer interviews to ensure that solutions address urgent needs rather than merely offer "nice to have" enhancements. By distinguishing between strategic differentiators and minor inconveniences, companies can channel their resources into high-impact experiments and avoid scattering them across small pilots with questionable impact. They need to involve users in real-world experimentation that allows those prototypes to be quickly improved until they're ready for wider rollout. Doing that builds trust and makes it more likely that experiments will produce real insights and better results. Siemens is leveraging this experience to develop a larger randomized control trial to test the causal impact of the shop-floor assistant in its factories, as well as across selected clients within its ecosystem. Additionally, the capabilities developed thanks to this exposure to experimentation led the company to apply similar methods to test whether and how the design of new "AI-intensive" jobs affects the quantity and quality of job applicants.
=====================

=== FILE 6 ===
Global Fiction

To feel close to her homeland and recover long-lost details of her past, she returns repeatedly to that cell, risking her freedom for a taste of home. The prison's pull on her parallels the emotional flights of her father, whose late-stage Alzheimer's has distorted his reality, leaving him simultaneously unmoored yet anchored to a Turkey that no longer exists: "My father has walked into other realities as if they were other rooms, bouts of hallucination furnished by the patchwork images inconsistently flashing in his mind." —Chloe Hadavas, senior editor

The Renovation: A Novel
Kenan Orhan (Farrar, Straus, and Giroux)
If the premise of Kenan Orhan's debut novel is decidedly Kafkaesque—"I don't know by what accident the builders had managed it, but instead of a remodeled bathroom attached to my bedroom, they had installed a prison cell," it opens—the detail underlying it is chillingly real. The renovated en suite leads to Silivri (now called Marmara), the mega-jail that has become a symbol of Turkey's authoritarian turn under President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

How to Commit a Postcolonial Murder: A Novel
Nina McConigley (Pantheon)
A historian is meant to safeguard the project of the past or, more likely, to suggest its architecture. To kill her uncle, Georgie concludes that she must shift her mindset. "We had to do what was best for us, no matter how it might affect other people," she explains. "That's what colonizers do." Ahmad is not just concerned with the great men (and women) of the past. One standout story centers on the trauma caused by Partition and pioneers.
=====================

